Document considered but unresolved scope clarifications for 2.0 in the meta document (#64)
php-fig/per-coding-style: meta.md

> of guidelines to be used among all those projects. Thus, the benefit of this guide is
> not in the rules themselves, but in the sharing of those rules.

This PER extends, expands and replaces PSR-12, and is therefore also an extension of PSR-1.
With PSR-12 being the base of this PER, a list of differences is provided below to assist with migration,
but it should be considered as an independent specification.

This PER will include coding style guidelines related to new functionality added to PHP
after the publication of PSR-12. This PER will also include clarifications on the text of
PSR-12.

> The Working Group considered whether incorporating stylistic requirements found in PSR-1 was in scope.
> The Working Group determined to leave this deliberately undefined to consider in a later release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The question of whether to include or replace requirements from PSR-1 was examined by the Working Group. However it was decided to omit any such requirements for further consideration in a subsequent release.
```
